Issue #759 Serializing and Deserializing particles (#836)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/836.feature.rst

Introduced `to_json` method for AbstractParticleClass that converts a particle into a JSON representation

> Introduced `plasmapy.particles.from_json` method to convert JSON strings to corresponding particle

Reviewer: Will need to be updated when issue around dumps vs dump and loads vs load is resolved.

> Introduced `json_dumps` method for AbstractParticleClass that converts a particle into a JSON string representation
> Introduced `json_dump` method for AbstractParticleClass that converts a particle into a JSON string representation and writes that string into a specified file object
> Introduced `plasmapy.particles.json_loads_particle` method to convert JSON strings to corresponding particle
> Introduced `plasmapy.particles.json_load_particle` method to convert JSON from file object to corresponding particle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `json_dumps` method to `~plasmapy.particles.particle_class.AbstractParticle` to 
convert a particle object into a JSON string.  Add `json_dump` method to 
`~plasmapy.particles.particle_class.AbstractParticle` to serialize a particle
object and writes it to a file.  Add JSON decoder 
`~plasmapy.particles.serialization.ParticleJSONDecoder` to deserialized JSON objects
into particle objects.  Add `plasmapy.particles.serialization.json_loads_particle` 
function to convert JSON strings to particle objects (using 
`~plasmapy.particles.serialization.ParticleJSONDecoder`).  Add 
`plasmapy.particles.json_load_particle` function deserialized a JSON file into a
particle object (using `~plasmapy.particles.serialization.ParticleJSONDecoder`).
```
